Let's make a deal. You have one month to take over the Viz Casino.
Deal. Don's been trying to get that casino back for 15 years. In one month.
There's still hope to stop this marriage. My family's only good at making money.
We don't have any power over anyone in this city. My son will be ruined by the mafia.
Now that the deal is made, let the wedding continue.
Here I've lost time. When I saw your mesmerizing eyes on the day of the contract,
I was captivated by you just to get to you.
But I knew I had to risk everything, even my life.
In this city, within the family, men who commit sodomy are the worst of disgracees.
Either you both die, or one of you takes the other one down with his own hands.
You choose.
Father, it's my birthday. Please don't kill them.
Are you sure? Let them go.
If I don't kill them, this city's mafia won't let them live.
Pietro, you're not powerful enough. Kindness can make you seem a clown.
For the past 15 years, I've tried to live as a notorious monster
to become strong enough that nothing can stop me marrying you.
You're my darling. Kiss the girl.